Is this machine broken?
This
Baileys Mall is the top facility in everything
How could it be broken?
Mr. Qin
Please keep your card.
You will be a VIP customer in the future.
Live stream eats shit
Forget it, it's too smelly
Will smoke my wife
Is it an apology to my wife or a promise?
Choose for yourself
Want me to apologize to Gu Qingqing
That's not possible.
No apology
Then
Han Shao, why did you hit me?
Obviously they shut up for me
It's all your fault
Sorry.
Guo Jingjing, wait for me
Sorry sir
I was blind to Mount Tai before
Please have a lot.
Don't bother with me, a poor migrant worker
And?
Sorry, Miss.
It's my bad attitude.
I know wrong
Please forgive my wife
Forgive him?
OK
Since my wife doesn't care about you
Then I won't pursue it.
But remember your attitude
The visitor is a guest
Yes, yes, yes, I must listen to Mr.'s education
Learning lessons
Here we go.
In fact, where did you get so much money?
Could it be